It's very simple, you can experience it yourself
Give me your hand
You and Long Shuai actually have the same origin true qi
So did I say
You were fooled into being a gunman by Ouyang Tomb
Then why did you hide your identity?
Because Ouyang Tomb wants to rebel
I had to pretend to be a criminal to sabotage his plans
But this already involves the matter of the hero's internal affairs
You know it
No need to get involved
You mean I have been deceived by Ouyang Tomb
Even unwittingly participate
See your inner movement of Daxia
I turned out to be his pawn
It's not too much to say you're an abandoned child
After all, he crossed Cao Lin in the first place
Before the rebellion
I've already thought about how to kill him
Poison swallowed to bone
So you Dongying ninjas
Don't think that he will treat you as his own
Okay, you Ouyang Tomb dare to fool me
Miss Guaizi
Your father's death was indeed by my hands
Whether you want revenge
You can continue the battle if you want.
But I hope not now.
Wait until I finish dealing with Ouyang Tomb
Anytime
I'm not a killer
Now that the matter has been found out
Then I don't need to entangle with you.
Miss Nanako, you abide by morality
Compared to your father
Sly big dragon shabu
Don't be so glib with me
I'll take someone away
Stop pestering you
win his favor